whats up youtube its x nemesis here
bringing you my metal gear solid HD
collection review for the PS Vita and
before we get started I just want to let
you know um I could sorry I can't like
bring you gameplay footage um like from
evita because I couldn't find my memory
card for my camera so I'm just going to
be showing you the gameplay trailer
instead sorry about that guys but my
other reviews will show gameplay from my
Vita so what I think about the game it's
awesome the graphics the gameplay the
graphics I think they could have done
just a little bit better but I still
think it looks absolutely grey um
something the textures look pretty nice
I mean some still look kind of I don't
know like blocky just because the game
was old but I think they still did a
pretty good job the gameplay I mean I
never did get to play through any of the
metal gear solid game so getting to play
I played maybe total of like 10 hours so
far and I think it's great i'm like it's
really fun you get to just kill people
be stealthy I mean that not a lot of
games do that now I'm mostly it's just
like you know shoot everyone though I
waste your ammo this game doesn't do
that all this game makes you actually
think of what you um have to do next you
can't just go guns blazing I mean you
could but you probably die and I try to
do that I did die quite a few times I
have to say the controls I think they
work good sometimes and they don't work
good at other times like when I'm
example is like when I'm walking down a
hallway or running down a hallway trying
to escape a guy I'll accidentally like
um going to cover against the wall and
that just completely messes me up that
it slows things down a little bit and
that usually twenty thirty percent
actually of the times when that happens
I actually died and it gets pretty
annoying when I have to when it keeps on
doing that and also whenever whenever
I'm trying to fire i usually get kind of
confused I don't know why it was just me
but so I don't know if this happens
anyone else is kind of random but going
back to graphics um I had a problem
whenever I every maybe 8 10 sec or yeah
eight to ten seconds the frame rate
would drop like kind of low in the
middle just nothing just when I'm
running or something and I don't know if
that's just my game or if it's your
guys's but that tends to happen like
maybe every eight to ten seconds just
kind of weird i don't know if that ever
happens to you just wanted to bring that
up but yeah guys I mean other than the
control thing where I get stuck against
walls or sometimes I can't even move
because i keep on going to cover and the
framerate issue this game is really
great i mean i recommend picking this
game up like right now just um and some
people were thinking like oh should i
get gravity rush for this get this i
mean this game is really great brings
you over 30 hours of gameplay and I just
think it's probably um the really gift
came to get this simple is that um I was
I gonna say and I just think overall
great game go pick it up and I give it
an 8.5 out of 10 and I would have given
it a 9 but just the control thing in the
framerate issue for me
a kind of lost me just a little bit
there but I just think it's still a
great game but yeah guys um I'm gonna
end this video here like right here and
i'll be sure to bring you more unboxings
game reviews and gameplays later so i
guess i'll talk to you later see ya